hey guys died here I've put together a
little map as a more meaningful way to
thank all my generous donators that are
keeping me and my cat alive so I'm gonna
cycle through a bunch of cool it you
little units may be attacked with a
couple of them and just thank everyone
for you know sending me some money to
help me stay alive so our first person
is going to be loading now you are some
kind of crazy hybrid dude so thanks a
lot for your donation loading now let's
see what his attack looks like so I just
kinda like bitch slaps people and he's
got consumed DNA and it's crazy like
poison too pretty awesome next we
have AG narc who is also some weird
hybrid guy that you fighting some
Protoss missions i believe and he's got
a nice little dragon ball z projectile
attacks oh thanks a ganar cool now we've
got one of the most awesome things i
ever discovered in the map editor merlok
Marines look at them go they just kind
of jump around they don't actually have
an attack that is kind of waddle and
that's going to be Bigfoot Bigfoot the
donator thanks Bigfoot those aren't very
big though next I'm sorry Michael you're
just a shiny artifact you know when you
think about it the whole story is
surrounded like revolves around you the
artifact pieces so you shouldn't feel
too bad Michael in next we've got Kate
with a suitable unit the medic the
reason I chose a medic is because it is
female and i'm assuming cave as a female
and also there weren't any cook or made
units so i chose the next closest one
the medic i just lost all my female
subscribers Joe know you are Hercules
you drop units at a very fast rate so
that's awesome thank you donation Jono
next we've got the torn Marine has Wiz
twist who donated so I can buy some cat
food he says to keep my catalog general
and his attack is actually a pretty cool
looking blue this oh it's like an
explosion but that's not all we've got a
torn out house twist needs to take a
BAM taking a next we've got
the brutal disk as John John you have an
acid attack
and I think that's pretty cool if only
roaches had that kind of range binsar
wouldn't be underpowered been you're a
scourge or several scourges i should say
same life and same damage as in
starcraft one but our numbers man look
at this how cool is that can't complain
about that except you're dead now next
we've got Jaron the new Scout model from
Starcraft 2 you've got your normal
photon beams and anti air attack pretty
boring to look at but I like the look of
the model a lot so Jaron thank you whoa
where are you guy oh there you are swarm
guardian this was one of the canned
units by starcraft two developers he was
actually supposed to replace the brood
lord but look at his attack it's really
weird they're like crazy weird I don't
even know what's call them glowing Zerg
guys and they just kind of like scramble
around like crazy so that's Andrew and
way or we you're the mercenary battle
cruiser which is one of the best
mercenaries in my opinion second best
and you've got these crazy little
machine guns instead of your lasers Jeff
or GF pronounced depending on where
you're at thanks for your donation let's
check you out yeah you are a giant laser
cannon by the way oh that killer shoots
a little bit boaz the stone zealot with
the laser beam eyes they can actually
attack air 2 is pretty sweet buzz is the
name of my roommate too and flying
spaghetti monster okay this guy's
awesome I don't know how to make them
turn because of a map editor noob but
you can actually control each tendril at
once so number two or not hold on up
there it is number four number one
number three number two so cool it
doesn't do any damage it's like not
complete or something I don't know oh
and by the way wait his donation was in
order for me to buy a bag of corn and
Boas was for me to buy some more cat
food people care about my cat warden me
bastards next we've got James who is an
apparition your kind of the reject
Hunchback of Notre Dom style
you've got a pretty neat attack it's
another bitch lab so cool now we have
Tinker Joe the lurker another canned
unit the lurker was supposed to fill the
role of ground splash damage but i guess
they candid because the baneling and the
ultralisk already do that and Tinker Joe
is now my friend because he knows that
financial benefactions yield real
relationships and he called me a so
in how you know he's my friend so that's
pretty awesome thanks Tinker Joe and
look at his attack not nearly as cool as
in brood war in my opinion does 15 plus
32 armored so it's kind of cool I guess
next we've got Dave Hawk the predator
option in the single-player mission and
when they attack they actually have an
AoE like laser thing so that's kind of
cool i wish i would have got them i
think i skipped them and we have miller
a new battle cruiser and okay you have
to see this attack it's so insane I
thought this was going to be like really
good of it oh my god that's so freaking
cool it doesn't even do any damage it's
just wow that's so pretty yeah so that's
Miller thanks Miller next we have Doug
Doug you are a Science Vessel another
unit I didn't get in single player but
you do have a radiate which is pretty
sweet I want biological units let's try
that on what on this carrier like I'm
doing it this Carrie doesn't turn either
oh my god so that's kind of cool I'm
gonna send you down here because you're
going to do something later next we have
Omega Liz yeah yeah you're not the Omega
the Omega Liske you're actually the
little pygmy list Andrew they're so good
oh and yo mega latias still badass he
doesn't even need both customs to attack
just like why scoop one of them so that
was Andrew thanks Andrew next we have
Lloyd the second coolest or first pools
mercenary next to the battle cruiser one
Lloyd you are a siege break or no but
now you're back to Lloyd that's pretty
awesome Boyd actually wants to see like
my setup I have in my house my end game
setup so once I get some cash and get a
decent camera then i'll be sure to
release a video guys a video showing you
that next we've got ruku bites from
reddit yes of Reddit your dump truck
dude you have an armor that's good but
you're just a dump truck you can
actually push cows if you want to
actually these aren't cows these are
sagacious sagacious thanks for your
donation as well because so cool they
actually have a spell that it's not a
spell but like a behavior that draws
them towards other cows I kind of saw
that in the map editor and finally
sagacious thanks for your donation as
well you're a herd of cows my friend and
you're going to get irradiated
just cool yeah but that's it you guys
thanks everyone for your donations I
might or might not be taking my
donations link down depending on certain
amounts of announcements I will have
coming up but that's going to be I hope
you guys enjoyed seeing a couple of
units especially Michael and you're
pretty awesome and thanks for watching
guys